♪ Opening Song
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a fierce battle
at the bottom of the sea,
the Straw Hat Pirates
depart for the deadly waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Their first stop is Punk Hazard,
an island divided into
burning and frozen halves.
There, they learn of
terrifying experiments
performed by the master of
the island, Caesar Clown.
Luffy goes to confront him,
but while his crew is divided,
they're targeted
by a strange enemy.
What are those things?
[FRANKY (CHOPPER)] They look
like big footprints to me.
[USOPP]
Did an animal make them?
It couldn't have been a human,
unless they're a giant.
I can sense something,
and they're close.
Beast lookin' guys. Big ones!
[gasps] What're we gonna do?
Someone's out here.
Law? The Master?
No.
We're in the snowy mountains,
so it's gotta be them.
They prowl the snowy peaks,
appearing whenever
a blizzard strikes!
[SCOTCH]
You're Brownbeard, aren't you?
Just so you know, you happen
to be on our hit list, too.
I'm warnin' you, jerks!
You better not have
hurt any of my crew!
[LUFFY yelling]
What the--? Where'd he go?
[CHOPPER (SANJI)]
They captured Nami!
Those big jerks
took her with them!
[LUFFY]
"Save Nami!
Luffy's Fight on the
Snow-Capped Mountains!"
[USOPP]
Nami's been kidnapped?
[CHOPPER (SANJI)]
It was my fault.
They were huge,
but I never saw them coming!
They showed up outta nowhere,
attacked, then they left.
[USOPP] First it was centaurs,
now we've got giants, too?
What kind of messed up
island is this?
An ambush. So they
were tracking us.
That means they're
professionals.
They must be.
Huh? I'm confused.
So they didn't come
to save Gatorbeard?
Definitely not.
Seems they wanted to kill us
and take the children back.
But then their Master--
He made them kill Brownbeard!
They were on the same side!
Brownbeard was so loyal, too.
[BROWNBEARD] The Master
wouldn't harm children,
he's a warm-hearted savior.
[CHOPPER (SANJI)] We don't know
much about this Master guy,
but there are two
things I'm sure of.
That he's evil
and he's dangerous.
He can't take them.
Who knows what he'll do?
And that's not the only problem!
Nami's still trapped
in Franky's body.
I'm really worried
about her, guys!
Yeah. I'll save her somehow.
All right. You look
after the kids!
[FRANKY (CHOPPER)]
Luffy, wait!
Don't forget.
It's my body they took.
Hey, Chopper!
I can't fight in this rat suit!
Gimme one of those magic beans
that turns you into a badass!
And make it quick, would ya?
What bean?
Wait, the Rumble Ball?
But that's a drug!
You can't control it!
Not on the first try!
'Course I can!
I'm a superpowered cyborg
with the heart of a champion.
Now hand over the goods, dammit.
We don't have a lot of time to
sit here and argue about it!
[CHOPPER (SANJI)]
Ugh, fine.
Huh?
[CHOPPER (SANJI)]
But just one, okay?
[FRANKY (CHOPPER)] Oh, come on!
They were in that pocket
the whole time?
Well yeah. It's his stuff.
Where else would it be?
Listen. That thing
will make you a monster,
but not for long.
After just three minutes,
you'll be worn out.
Try to do Kung-Fu Point
like I did earlier, and--
Ahh.
[USOPP screams]
[FRANKY (CHOPPER) roars]
Super!
Way too early!
[LUFFY]
Come on, Franky! Follow me!
[FRANKY (CHOPPER) roars]
Huh? [gasps]
[roaring]
[LUFFY]
Whoa, stop it.
Why are you tryin' to squish me?
--[FRANKY (CHOPPER) roaring]
--[LUFFY screams]
Franky! I told you! Be careful!
Maybe we shoulda
had him stay here?
[CHOPPER (SANJI)]
He's dangerous right now,
but once the Rumble
Ball wears off,
he'll be too weak to move.
[ROBIN]
Then he'll be useless.
[CAESAR CLOWN] Hmm.
I don't know where he got it,
but this "Cyborg" Franky fellow
appears to have Vegapunk's laser
weapon attached to his body.
Don't you worry, Vegapunk.
I promise. I'll make
good use of it.
After I cut that
garish robot to pieces
and extract the laser system,
his body will be nothing but a
worthless pile of scrap metal.
Prepare the incinerator!
[SUBORDINATE A]
Yes, sir.
Those would-be ship thieves, you
know, the ones from the Navy.
What of them?
[SUBORDINATE A]
O-Oh, right.
Well, we were able to
stage an ambush, sir, but...
Huh?
[gunshots]
[CENTAUR A laughs]
These guys aren't human!
Are they horses, or?
Bring them down, now! [grunts]
Nope. You're not gonna
beat us that easily, punks!
[FEN BOCK]
Watch your back!
[MARINES gasp, groan]
[CENTAUR G]
We've got you now!
[MARINE I]
How many do they have?
What do we do?
[MARINE K]
We're stuck!
[SMOKER (TASHIGI)]
We need a new tactic!
Let's focus on taking
the ship full-force!
[SMOKER (TASHIGI) yells]
[TASHIGI (SMOKER) yells]
It's the Cap--
er, I mean Smokey!
[SUBORDINATE A] The battle's
raging out of control now!
Oh? Then we're having trouble?
[SUBORDINATE A gasps]
I-I mean...!
Ah. In that case...
[cackles]
[SUBORDINATE A]
M-Master?
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Ah yes. This will do nicely.
I'm sure the Navy will make
excellent test subjects!
[laughs] It's a
golden opportunity!
Contact all the Centaurs
currently on patrol.
Better make it quick.
[SUBORDINATE B]
Right!
[CAESAR CLOWN] Tell our soldiers
to evacuate at once.
Unless they want
to die, that is.
[SUBORDINATE B gasps]
[cackles]
[NAMI (FRANKY) grunts]
What do you want from me?
Perverts! Let me go!
Keep your filthy paws
to yourself, you hear me?
Listen, I understand that
I'm cute, and voluptuous,
and you wanted me
all to yourselves--
This guy is different.
[SCOTCH] Hey, whatever
he's into, it's cool with me.
You'll pay for this, jerks!
Just wait until Luffy gets here!
He'll kick your hairy
butts into next week!
[gasps]
[ROCK]
Hey. Keep your voice down.
Noisy prisoners are...
[SCOTCH]
Not cool.
[NAMI (FRANKY) gasps]
[ROCK]
On the other hand,
the laser weapon
built into your body is...
[SCOTCH]
Very cool.
[ROCK]
And, the reward for bringing it
to our Master will be...
[BOTH]
Extra cool!
This wind is so cool!
[SCOTCH sighs]
Almost too cool.
Get some clothes!
[gasps]
[ROCK] To someone your size,
a shot from one of our rifles
is like being hit
by a cannonball.
[SCOTCH] And these are
filled with poison gas.
Our targets never
see it coming, either.
As for your friend...
Of course he'll come.
We set a trap to lure him here.
[ROCK]
He won't be able to resist
following giant
footprints in the snow.
[LUFFY screams]
[FRANKY (CHOPPER) roars]
[LUFFY] Sweet,
giant footprints in the snow!
Obviously I should follow them.
This is way too easy!
[FRANKY (CHOPPER) roars]
[LUFFY] Hey quit it, Franky, how
many times do I gotta tell you?
Huh?
Huh, there's no more
footprints. [gasps]
[LUFFY screaming]
Luffy and Chopper?
No wait! That's Franky!
Nami!
Be careful! They're both hiding!
[LUFFY screams]
[ROCK]
Ready, Scotch?
[SCOTCH] Ready. Pretty uncool
of him not to notice the cliff.
[LUFFY gasps]
Are those spikes?
Heh, heh. It's all over.
[SCOTCH]
Not a cool way to die.
[giggles] Armament. Hardening!
Gum-Gum... Gatling!
[LUFFY grunting]
[SCOTCH] Ah. He's a bit
trickier than the rest.
You won't run this time.
Now. Second Gear!
Gum-Gum... Jet... Pistol!
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
You want more?
Jet Stamp!
[LUFFY gasps]
They're gone!
[ROCK chuckles]
Nice try,
but these mountains
are our home.
[SCOTCH] Which means we know
all the cool hiding places!
[CENTAUR C] The place
the Master was talking about
should be around here.
Huh?
[CENTAUR C] What's this
big building s'posed to be?
[CENTAUR D]
Is it a warehouse?
[CENTAUR E]
Kinda gives me the creeps.
I'll open the door.
Here. Hold that.
[CENTAUR C grunting]
[CENTAUR C pants]
Hey, help me out!
[CENTAUR D]
Sure.
[CENTAUR C, CENTAUR D grunting]
[sloshing]
[BOTH gasp]
Huh?
[CENTAUR C]
Hey. I just heard something
moving around in there.
Nah, can't be.
Look. I don't like this.
We were told not to
come near here, right?
So don't open the door.
Let's just go.
But the Master told us
about this place
and he said he
wants us to open it.
What? You do trust
the Master, dontcha?
Oh no! That's not
what I mean at all!
Then lend me a hand! Hurry!
[sloshing]
[gunshots]
They may be big,
but they're quick!
Oh, I know!
Gum-Gum...
[ROCK]
Stop right there!
[LUFFY]
...Balloon!
Rayleigh told me it's a waste
to just use this
move for defense.
Let's see. What'd he say?
Take the bullets and send
'em all right back to him
twice as hard!
Now, Gum-Gum... Fire Salute!
[ROCK gasps]
[SCOTCH]
Rock!
Gotcha!
[FRANKY (CHOPPER) roars]
[LUFFY]
Huh?
[LUFFY gasping]
What did I do to you?
Lay off, Franky!
We've got bigger problems here!
[FRANKY (CHOPPER) roaring]
[ROCK groans]
Now I'm burning up!
They might lose their cool,
but I won't lose mine!
[LUFFY gasps]
Franky!
[SCOTCH]
The cool thing about mountains
is they can be
turned into weapons!
[NAMI (FRANKY)]
Huh?
Watch out! The top of that
mountain's falling on you!
Luffy! Franky! Heads up!
[roars]
[ROCK]
You'll never get away in time!
[NAMI (FRANKY)] Look behind you!
He's gonna shoot!
[ROCK] All it takes is
one of these KYP cannisters
and you'll fall into a drunken
stupor, just like the others!
[ROCK]
Hm?
[ROCK groans]
Franky did something useful!
[LUFFY laughs]
Yeah! Now you're gettin' it!
Good job!
[FRANKY (CHOPPER) roars]
Huh? [gasps]
Oh great.
We're back to this, huh?
Third Gear!
Gum-Gum... Elephant Gun!
You went straight to
that trick of the day?
[NAMI (FRANKY)]
No! Help!
[LUFFY]
Uh-oh! Sorry, Chopper's body!
I'll get Chopper to
fix you up later!
Wait, gah, nevermind!
[SCOTCH]
I told you before,
we have the home-field
advantage in these mountains.
Just give up!
Luffy!
[LUFFY]
Nami!
[SCOTCH]
Forget it!
I can reach a lot
higher than you can!
Whoa! He's not kidding.
But...
[LUFFY gasps, screams]
[LUFFY groans] If I lose
'em in these mountains,
I'll never track 'em down again!
[SCOTCH]
Huh?
[NAMI (FRANKY)]
Hm? It's Law!
[SCOTCH] Ah, Trafalgar Law,
the famous freeloader.
Cool, I'm glad you're here.
Straw Hat Luffy
should be right behind me.
Room.
[SCOTCH]
Huh?
[NAMI (FRANKY) screams]
[SCOTCH] Damn you!
That wasn't cool at all!
[SCOTCH gasps]
All right, Counter Shock.
[SCOTCH groaning]
Thank you!
[gasps] Wait.
Change me back, creep!
[LUFFY]
Nami!
Hey!
Huh? Oh! It's you!
Thanks for saving Nami, buddy!
Look, here's the
thing, Straw Hat.
[LAW]
I came here because
there's something I want
to discuss with you.
[LAW] I assume you landed on
Punk Hazard by accident.
But there's an important key
hiding on this island--
one that's powerful enough
to throw the New World
into total chaos.
[LAW]
You see, there are only two ways
to live in the New World.
[LAW] Fighting under the
unbrella of the Four Emperors,
or fighting against them.
[LAW] And you don't
strike me as the type
who likes to work
under someone else.
Yup. That's right.
I'm captain!
[LAW]
I see.
Well then, you can work with me.
Huh?
Like how?
Us two will take down
one of the Four Emperors.
I've got a good plan.
So, tell me, are you in?
[NARRATOR] Law proposes
taking down an Emperor.
While his proposal leaves
Nami and the others stunned,
it's Luffy's answer
which shocks everyone,
including Law himself.
Meanwhile, the diabolical
scientist Caesar
begins launching his
utterly vile plan.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Formed! Luffy and Law's
Pirate Alliance!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!